[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this video, we'll
see how to upload videos
using Brightcove Campaign.
Brightcove Campaign
provides an easy to use
interface for adding
videos to your account.
To upload videos,
go to the videos tab
and click the upload button.
The file browser
will open, allowing
you to browse and select one
or more files for upload.
After selecting files,
the upload will begin.
You can also drag and drop
files from your file system
to the upload panel.
When you drop the files,
the upload will begin.
Brightcove recommends
assigning a video content type
to each video.
When videos are assigned
a video content type,
Brightcove can
compile your analytics
with those of similar
videos, and provide
more robust analytics
that includes Brightcove's
video benchmark score.
You can close the upload
panel by clicking on the X.
And reopen it by
clicking upload.
You should remain
on the videos tab
until all files have
a status of uploaded.
All of the videos in
the account will be
listed in the body of the page.
Note that for newly
uploaded videos,
it may take a few minutes for
the processing to complete,
and for the thumbnail
images to appear.
You can edit video properties
by clicking on the video name.
Editing video properties is
covered in another video.